Python_Assignment_1

1.	In the below elements which of them are values or an expression? eg:- values can be
integer or string and expressions will be mathematical operators.
Ans.   Expression:-  *, -, /, +
           Value:- ‘hello’, -87.8, 6

2.	What is the difference between string and variable?
Ans.  String is a data type in python while variable is a symbol or word where you can store information. String is a type of information that can be stored in a variable.

3.	Describe three different data types.
Ans. a. Integer -> It defines numbers which include negative as well positive numbers but should not contain decimal point.
         b. Float -> It defines numbers with decimal point.
         c. Boolean -> It defines only 2 values “True” and “False”

4.	What is an expression made up of? What do all expressions do?
Ans.   Expression is combination of varibles or numbers and operators. They perform a set of operations. 

5.	This assignment statements, like spam = 10. What is the difference between an expression and a statement?
Ans. Statement are just assigning values to a variable or stating something while expression will perform the function and give an output. 

6.	After running the following code, what does the variable bacon contain?
bacon = 22
bacon + 1
Ans.  22

7.	What should the values of the following two terms be?
‘spam’ + ‘spamspam’
‘spam’ * 3
Ans. spamspamspam
Spamspamspam'

8.	Why is eggs a valid variable name while 100 is invalid?
Ans. Because variable names cannot begin with a number.

9.	What three functions can be used to get the integer, floating-point number, or string
version of a value?
Ans. The int() , float() , and str( ) functions will evaluate to the integer, floating-point number, and string versions of the value passed to them.

10.	Why does this expression cause an error? How can you fix it?
‘I have eaten’ + 99 + ‘burritos’
Ans. Because we are trying to concatenate an int value with string which is not possible. Only string values can be concatenated to string.
